0.  bmp-32 bit or 4billion color
    gif-8bit or 256 color
    jpeg-24bit or 16 million color
    png-24bit or 16 million color
1.  gif
2.  Lossless and lossy compression are terms that describe whether or not,
in the compression of a file, all original data can be recovered when the file
is uncompressed. With lossless compression, every single bit of data that was
originally in the file remains after the file is uncompressed.
3.  jpeg gif
4.    1. The system modifies the filename's first character to signal that it has
       been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
       (Most OSs simply remove the file's reference from the containing dir.)
    2. The system moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list
       of free clusters.
The file's data is never touched.
5.  delete files using secure delete option.that replaces the section on the disk containing
    our data with all zeroes.or replacing it with arbitrary bits.
    
6.  stdint.h is a header file that declares specified integer types as having a certain width.
7.  it makes clear and evident that you intend to use the data in specific way orformat
    as unit8_t means a integer 8 bit long
8.  byte 1 byte
    dword 4 byte
    long 4 byte 
    word 2 bytes

9.  the first two bytes of a bmp is a word and denotes bfType, which specifies the file type
    .it must be set to word BM (0x4D42) to indicate bitmap
10. bfSize specifies the size in bytes of the bitmap file.
    bisize specifies the size of the structure in bytes.
11. if biheight is postive, the bitmap is bottom is a bottom up DIB and its origin
    is the lower left corner.
    if biheight is negative, the bitmap is a top bottom DIB and its origin is
    upper left corner.
12. bibitcount
13. fopen will return null if it cannot find the file.
14. Third argument specifies the number of elements it will read and we are always reading one struct at a time.
15. becuase 3 pixel*3 byte per pixel=9 which is not a multiple of  4 so we hav to add a padding of
    3 so that  9 +3 byte =12 byte which is multiple of 4.
16. it moves the file position indicator
17. SEEK_CUR is an option used in fseek to set the offset relative to the current pointer position.
18. john f kennedy
